com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/DialogRepoGithubFilterBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.DialogRepoGithubFilterBindingImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.DialogRepoGithubFilterBindingImpl$1
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.DialogRepoGithubFilterBindingImpl$2
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.DialogRepoGithubFilterBindingImpl$3
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/FragmentTestBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.FragmentTestBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/domain/usecases/repogithub/GetIssuesHistoryByRepoSinceLastYearUseCase_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.domain.usecases.repogithub.GetIssuesHistoryByRepoSinceLastYearUseCase_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/ActivityModule_ContributeLoginActivity.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ActivityModule_ContributeLoginActivity
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ActivityModule_ContributeLoginActivity$LoginActivitySubcomponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ActivityModule_ContributeLoginActivity$LoginActivitySubcomponent$Builder
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/domain/MainStore_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.domain.MainStore_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/login/LoginViewModel_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.login.LoginViewModel_Factory
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/base/BaseDialogFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.base.BaseDialogFragment_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideContext$app_debugFactory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideContext$app_debugFactory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ItemRepoGithubBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ItemRepoGithubBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/RepoGithubViewModel_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.RepoGithubViewModel_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/RetrofitModule_ProvideDataService$app_debugFactory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.RetrofitModule_ProvideDataService$app_debugFactory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/data/remote/repogithub/mappers/IssueDataMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.data.remote.repogithub.mappers.IssueDataMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/base/BaseActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.base.BaseActivity_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ViewModelFactory_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/DialogRepoGithubFilterBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.DialogRepoGithubFilterBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/domain/usecases/repogithub/GetRepoGithubUseCase_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.domain.usecases.repogithub.GetRepoGithubUseCase_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/FragmentRepoGithubDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.FragmentRepoGithubDetailsBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/test/TestViewModel_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.test.TestViewModel_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryDetailsFragment.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryDetailsFragment
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryDetailsFragment$RepoGithubDetailsFragmentSubcomponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryDetailsFragment$RepoGithubDetailsFragmentSubcomponent$Builder
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/list/RepoGithubListFragmentDirections.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.list.RepoGithubListFragmentDirections
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/RetrofitModule_ProvideRetrofit$app_debugFactory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.RetrofitModule_ProvideRetrofit$app_debugFactory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/list/filter/RepoGithubFilterMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.list.filter.RepoGithubFilterMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ItemIssueBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ItemIssueBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/details/RepoGithubDetailsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.details.RepoGithubDetailsFragment_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/SflRepoGithubListErrorBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.SflRepoGithubListErrorBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/base/BaseFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.base.BaseFragment_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/Application_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.Application_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/login/LoginActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.login.LoginActivity_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/test/TestFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.test.TestFragment_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ItemIssueBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ItemIssueBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/BR.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.BR
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/SflRepoGithubListErrorBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.SflRepoGithubListErrorBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/FragmentModule_ContributeTestFragment.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeTestFragment
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeTestFragment$TestFragmentSubcomponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeTestFragment$TestFragmentSubcomponent$Builder
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/details/RepoGithubDetailsMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.details.RepoGithubDetailsMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/FragmentModule_ContributeRepoGithubFilterDialogFragment.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepoGithubFilterDialogFragment
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepoGithubFilterDialogFragment$RepoGithubFilterDialogFragmentSubcomponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepoGithubFilterDialogFragment$RepoGithubFilterDialogFragmentSubcomponent$Builder
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/FragmentRepoGithubListBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.FragmentRepoGithubListBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/FragmentRepoGithubListBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.FragmentRepoGithubListBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/data/remote/repogithub/mappers/RepoGithubSortDataMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.data.remote.repogithub.mappers.RepoGithubSortDataMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/ActivityModule_ContributeMainActivity.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ActivityModule_ContributeMainActivity
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ActivityModule_ContributeMainActivity$MainActivitySubcomponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.ActivityModule_ContributeMainActivity$MainActivitySubcomponent$Builder
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/list/RepoGithubListMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.list.RepoGithubListMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/FragmentRepoGithubDetailsBinding.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.FragmentRepoGithubDetailsBinding
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/details/IssueMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.details.IssueMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/list/RepoGithubListFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.list.RepoGithubListFragment_MembersInjector
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/DaggerApplicationComponent.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$1
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$2
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$3
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$4
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$5
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$6
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$Builder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$LoginActivitySubcomponentBuilder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$LoginActivitySubcomponentImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$MainActivitySubcomponentBuilder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$MainActivitySubcomponentImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$RepoGithubDetailsFragmentSubcomponentBuilder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$RepoGithubDetailsFragmentSubcomponentImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$RepoGithubFilterDialogFragmentSubcomponentBuilder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$RepoGithubFilterDialogFragmentSubcomponentImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$RepoGithubListFragmentSubcomponentBuilder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$RepoGithubListFragmentSubcomponentImpl
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$TestFragmentSubcomponentBuilder
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$TestFragmentSubcomponentImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/FragmentTestBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.FragmentTestBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/data/remote/repogithub/RepoGithubRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.data.remote.repogithub.RepoGithubRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/list/filter/RepoGithubSortMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.list.filter.RepoGithubSortMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/databinding/ItemRepoGithubBindingImpl.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.databinding.ItemRepoGithubBindingImpl
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/data/remote/repogithub/mappers/RepoGithubDataMapper_Factory.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.data.remote.repogithub.mappers.RepoGithubDataMapper_Factory
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/di/FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryListFragment.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryListFragment
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryListFragment$RepoGithubListFragmentSubcomponent
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.di.FragmentModule_ContributeRepositoryListFragment$RepoGithubListFragmentSubcomponent$Builder
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/ui/main/features/repogithub/list/filter/RepoGithubFilterDialogFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.ui.main.features.repogithub.list.filter.RepoGithubFilterDialogFragment_MembersInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/jeromedusanter/aircalltest/BuildConfig.java
 com.jeromedusanter.aircalltest.BuildConfig
